1. Adjust the Countdown time in the Numeric Box.
2. Press the Get Active Window Button, this starts the countdown.
3. Switch to the window to be targetted, and wait there till the Countdown is over.
4. When the countdown ends, the Windows "Asterisk Sound will be heard"
       and the window will have been identified.

1. Once the window is Identified, the Target Window title
       and the Handle would be displayed in those boxes.
2. The text in the Target-Window-Title Box can be changed and it will also
       show up on the title bar.

1. Press the [ ... ] button and it will open up a selection form
2. Press the key to be spammed, and click [ OK ].
3. The small round button (gray/green) is to be activated(green) after selecting the Key.

1. Adjust the spam interval here, i.e, if it is set to 2 seconds,
       it will spam the selected Key once every 2 seconds.
2. Zero Interval will give an Error upon spam, unless a minimum default interval
       has been specified in the settings.
3. The Numeric boxes are Hours, Minutes, Seconds, and Miliseconds respectively.

1. Start Button - Starts or Restarts the timer (Returns an error on
       Zero interval unless a default value has been specified).
2. Stop Button - Stops the timer(Disabled when the timer is not running).
3. Enable Spam Button - If disabled(gray), the key will not be spammed even
       if the timer is running.

1. Minimize to Tray - Minimizes MultiKey to the System Tray (Bottom-Right corner).
2. Compact Mode - Reduces window size by hiding the Timers.
3. New Window - Starts a new instance of this program.
4. Instruction & About(About the Program) - Self Explanatory.

On the Image- Tray Icon and the Right-Click Menu with functions available there.

1. The Splash screen checks if the critical files are present when starting MultiKey.
2. Startup and Exit are recorded in MultiKey.Log in the program folder.
3. The log files can be cleaned from the settings page.
4. The background colour of the MultiKey Window can be changed from the settings.




 